[THEME MUSIC]
>> Maximum warp.
Punch It!
>> Warp drive is one of the
fundamental features of many
science fiction dramas today.
And the idea of somehow
counteracting gravity in order
to travel to distant stars
and planets in record time
is one of our greatest
collective dreams.
Is warp speed travel
actually feasible?
And if so, has it already
been accomplished?
>> We're at runway
06 and still 2-5.
>> On December 16, 2017, two
videos emerged on the internet
that showed Navy pilots
encountering mysterious
spherical objects that move
through the air in ways that
mystified experts.
>> My gosh, there's a
whole fleet of them.
Look on the SA.
They're all going
against the wind.
The wind's 120 knot to the west.
>> What the hell is that?
A moving target?
>> A third video,
released in March 2018,
depicted a similar encounter.
>> Look at that thing.
It's rotating.
>> These three videos are
referred to as Flir1, Gimbal,
and GoFast.
>> Oh my gosh, man.
Wow.
Look at it fly!
[LAUGHS]
>> Years earlier, the videos
captured by a US Navy FA-18
Super Hornet documents an
incident that occurred in 2004
known as the
"Nimitz" Encounters,
so named for the fighter
pilots of "USS Nimitz"
Carrier Strike Group who spotted
the mysterious flying bodies.
>> 2.5 dB.
>> The pilots
reported a strange,
shaped object resembling the
popular Tic Tac breath mint
about 100 miles off
the coast of San Diego.
What makes these particular
videos so significant
is the fact that
in September 2019,
the official spokesperson
for the Deputy
Chief of Naval Operations
for Information Warfare
confirmed publicly--
>> The Navy designates the
objects contained in these
videos as unidentified
aerial phenomena.
>> While that statement alone
is of historical significance,
what the videos themselves
suggest is remarkable.
Ongoing incursions of
unidentified aerial phenomena,
or UAPs, are being captured
on video by the US Navy
that maneuver in ways
that are impossible
for any current, acknowledged
aviation technology.
Might this be a smoking gun
for advanced exotic propulsion
systems or might these
craft be evidence
of extraterrestrial
technology from off planet?
>> When I'm looking at the
Flir videos, for example,
that were released by the Navy,
what I'm seeing is something
that has a couple
of characteristics.
The one characteristic
that stands out the most
is that it has no
flight surfaces, right?
When you want something
to fly in the air,
you need it to follow
the laws of aerodynamics.
It needs to have wings.
It needs to generate lift.
It needs to be able to
work against gravity.
So it needs to reduce
its drag, and so on.
Now secondly, they also don't
seem to leave any propulsion
signature.
So I'm not seeing any
sort of exhaust coming out
of them like you would expect.
So it's literally defying
the laws of physics
as we know them.
And it's outmaneuvering
our pilots.
That is a very fascinating
and incredibly mind-blowing.
>> Roger that.
>> Commander David Fravor was
leading a training exercise
from the "USS Nimitz" Carrier
Strike Group when the incident
occurred.
"The New York Times" reported
in an interview with Fravor
that the objects appeared
suddenly at 80,000 feet
and then hurtled toward the
sea, stopping at 20,000 feet
and just remained hovering.
Then it either dropped
out of radar range
or shot straight back up.
>> It accelerated like
nothing I've ever seen.
I have no idea what I saw.
It had no plumes, wings, or
rotors, and outran our F-18s.
>> When these craft clearly
demonstrate unconventional
flight dynamics, there are a
number of hypotheses as to how
they might be
accomplishing this.
>> Even though the
Tic Tac seems to be--
from an outside observer--
seems to be moving at, say,
20,000 miles an hour, it's
not generating any friction.
Like when a rocket comes
into the earth's atmosphere,
the reentry problem
and it heats up.
That doesn't happen
with Tic Tac.
See, that doesn't
happen with the Tic Tac.
The way warp drive is it's
like surfing on a wave.
The wave is the curvature of
space, the rippling of space.
So the surfer is
not really moving
relative to the
water he's around,
he's moving with the water.
That's the way
the Tic Tac moves.
But it's controlling the
way the space is warping.
See, it's controlling its path.
And it does it with
small amounts of energy.
So the hardest thing
for people to understand
is that when you see a
flying saucer or a Tic Tac,
it's not an ordinary vehicle
that's moving through air.
It's controlling the
gravitational field right
around its fuselage.
For example, if the Tic Tac
wants to move to the east--
let's say, if it
moves to the east--
what it does, it's able to
contract the space in its nose
and expand the
space in its tail.
It's folding space, sitting
still in space really.
But to the outside observer,
it looks as if it's moving.
>> Warp drive, as
the name implies,
relies on warping space so that
you're stretching space on one
end of your ship and expanding
it by a lot on the other.
So you're zipping
through space-time.
That's how I like to imagine it.
However, anti-gravity
propulsion is different.
Anti-gravity is
where you can create
your own gravitational field
that essentially repels
or cancels the gravitational
field that you're
being affected by.
>> Well with anti-gravity, the
big advantage that thing would
have is when you
encounter planets.
You can come and go
off of its surface
without having to fight all
the gravitational forces
of a planet, which
would cause you
to build your ships with
different propulsion systems.
If a warp drive system had
an anti-gravity system, that
would be real handy because
you use your warp drive to get
from place to place, switch
over to the anti-gravity
when you get inside a
gravity field of a planet,
and basically you will have
removed all the energy that's
involved with magnetism, such
as kinetic energy, momentum,
inertia, all that
would evaporate.
>> In his scientific paper, "Is
Low Power Warp Drive Possible,"
Dr. Jack Sarfatti posits the
idea that quantum metamaterials
may be used to produce low
power warp while staying true
to Einstein's general and
special theories of relativity.
Dr. Sarfatti believes he's
discovered a workable way
to fold space-time.
>> Warp drive is just a
very elementary application
of Einstein's general theory of
relativity of the gravitational
field.
And Einstein's field
equations basically
show how you can use an
applied electromagnetic field,
like a source, a pump.
And from that
electromagnetic field,
you can generate a
gravitational field.
The problem has been
that the coupling
between the
electromagnetic input
field and the induced
gravitational output field
is very weak.
I found a way to
make it very strong.
That's simply it, using what
are called metamaterials.
Metamaterials are
artificially made.
They're made by man.
They don't exist
naturally in nature.
They're just like lattices
of artificial atoms.
We make these artificial atoms.
They're called meta-atoms.
There are various
ways of making them.
I won't go into detail.
And we just construct them like
they're like a neural network,
just like lattices,
like crystals.
And these artificial atoms
are at definite positions
of the crystals.
And they have extraordinary
electromagnetic properties.
When we impose electricity--
so in magnetic fields,
in the metamaterials,
they could go into what are
called certain resonance
states.
And they can generate
strong gravitational fields.
So the metamaterials
is a way of generating,
inside the metamaterial,
a strong gravity
field from a very weak
electromagnetic field.
>> I think metamaterials are
very important to faster than
light UAPs, or just the idea
of UAPs for two reasons.
First of all, there was
the bismuth magnesium part
that was theorized
to be a metamaterial.
That really got people thinking
that, OK, maybe metamaterials
are an important part of UAPs.
So that's one line of thought.
The second line of
thought, though,
of why they would be
important, however,
is just intrinsically
for their value, right?
There's no way you can really
build advanced technology
that's manipulating electric
fields and, let's say,
coupling with the gravitational
field in some anomalous way
without at least being able
to intelligently manipulate
and control
electromagnetic waves,
so through vis-a-vis
metamaterials.
>> There's a whole bunch
of optical metamaterials.
But for a space
propulsion, they tend
to work at the
microwave frequencies.
And they were developing
microwave metamaterial.
Like the Boeing cube, for
example, developed by Boeing.
Interested Boeing was involved
in this classified work.
So why are they
working metamaterials?
Well, this is a connection.
It's possible, like
they talk about the arts
parts, the skin of the craft
that crashed in Roswell,
that it's layered material.
And that could act
as a metamaterial.
Theoretically, if you took a
5,000 terahertz beam, which
would probably in the far
infrared and aimed it at it,
you should get propulsion.
You should be able to move it.
So that's a form
of metamaterial.
It's basically layers
of magnesium and bismuth
that are spaced just right
to interact with this beam.
>> While the significance of
metamaterials is being explored
by scientists from
different perspectives, Dr.
Jack Sarfatti believes he
understands how to apply them
to the UAP discussion.
>> I've discovered, along
with other physicists,
mainly Keith Wanser, full
professor of Physics,
Cal State Fullerton, we
think we know, in principle,
how to increase the coupling
between electromagnetism
and gravity in order to
control the gravity field with
electromagnetism using
small amounts of energy.
The trick is in
metamaterials we can
make the effective speed
of light very tiny.
And by doing that, we
increase the coupling
between electricity
and magnetism
and the gravitational
field it creates.
So that's the trick.
We're playing with the
electromagnetic properties
of metamaterial to amplify
the effect of the input
electromagnetic field on the
gravitational field it creates.
>> They're all going
against the wind.
The wind's 120 knots to the west
>> We can then, with
theoretical physics,
can take a Tic Tac doing
a certain maneuver.
And then from that,
we can calculate
what kind of gravitational
field is required to do that.
>> Look at that thing!
>> It's rotating.
>> And then how much energy
do we have available?
And then we could design a
material that will do it.
You know, it's a
complicated thing,
but with teams of
scientists we can do it.
>> That raises the question, how
fundamental are metamaterials
to understanding
how UAPs maneuver?
>> It explains how
those things work.
It's pretty
elementary, actually.
But once you have
the right idea,
everything falls in place.
There's no mystery.
I am saying there's no mystery
as to how this technology
fundamentally works.
There's no mystery.
It's just, now, a matter
of engineering development
of the right kinds
of materials that we
could use to amplify the
effect of electromagnetism
in creating a
gravitational field.
That explains the
close encounters
of the "USS Nimitz,"
the "Roosevelt,"
and, apparently,
many other close
encounters that are
still classified.
>> And yet not everyone agrees.
Scientists find no
theoretical consensus
as to how this
technology functions.
>> When it comes to
describing how the physics
of the unidentified craft
that the "USS Nimitz"
encountered in 2004
and, in general,
the UAPs that the Navy
have been reporting.
I think that there is a
couple of good guesses
that I could present as
to how I think it's done.
And only time and empirical
scientific evidence
will truly tell
us how it's done.
But that being said, what
I believe is happening
is an extremely
controlled interaction
at the quantum level
between gravitons
and the rest of the
ship in such a way
that they can somehow control
that entire interaction better
than we can.
It has yet to be proven
that gravitons does exist.
I'm assuming they
do in this scenario.
So they're managing this
interface with space-time.
And that allows them to be
able to do multiple 1,000 G
maneuvers.
Whereas the average
F-18 would crush
under just 8-10 Gs of forces.
If the G-forces aren't
being felt and experienced
on the actual ship
and that they are only
measured and
experienced relative
to our frame of reference,
in that scenario,
the way that they
would be surviving
is what I guess would be
anti-gravity method one.
So that would be just canceling
the entire gravitational field
that they're experiencing.
So for them, it doesn't matter
how quickly they accelerate
left, right, up, or
down, they're calm
and still inside their ship.
That's what it would look like.
I think that we can
passively describe
what we're observing with
current classical physics
and just even today's
quantum physics,
but to truly explain the physics
behind what we're seeing,
we're going to have
to find new physics.
>> So I would prefer thinking
in terms of superluminal
propulsion.
And I'd deal more with the ether
rather than warping space-time.
The idea of warp
drive is based on more
of the conventional view of
space-time being warped somehow
and creating a gravity
gradient by warping space-time.
That's based in the general
relativity paradigm, which
I don't ascribe to because I
believe it's a failed paradigm
since it doesn't predict
electrogravitics, for example.
And there are other
replacements for it.
Superluminal propulsion
is using propulsion
to go faster than
the speed of light.
Well there's
various technologies
you could do to achieve this.
One is, for example,
Podkletnov's gravity impulse
beam.
He's achieved speeds
of the gravity waves
that his beam puts
out into the thousands
times the speed of light.
So if you use that
pushing on a spacecraft,
theoretically it could go
thousands of times speed
of light.
Another is Townsend Brown's
electric kinetic thrusters.
Those are less power
hungry, but the question
is would they be able to get
you over the speed of light.
The other technology involves
electogravitics, basically.
And with that, you
could go superluminal
with a minimum amount
of energy expenditure.
So I believe that's actually
the most reasonable to use.
His diagram is from
something I wrote up
in 1985 when I first discovered
about electrogravitics.
Here you see a
disk-like craft sort
of levitating in the midair.
And you see the pluses
and minuses on its hull
represent electric charges.
And we're talking about
very high voltages
here in the millions of volts.
Now this gets into
electrogravitics,
how you can create
gravitational potentials
using electric potentials.
This was discovered by
Townsend Brown at the beginning
of the 20th century.
T. Townsend Brown, best
known for the phenomena
called the Biefeld-Brown
Effect and electrogravitics,
was an American inventor
whose pioneering research
anti-gravity and
electric fields paved
the way for many other
scientists and researchers that
followed him.
>> In the physics I've been
developing called subquantum
kinetics, the important thing
that comes out of this--
that you don't see
it anywhere else,
not conventional physics
or any other theory--
is that negative charges
are anti-gravitic.
Very important to know because
with that just that concept,
you can create all
sorts of engineering
and space propulsion.
Positive charges
create gravity wells.
So when you charge
the capacitor,
you're creating a gravity
hill on the negative side
and a gravity well
on the positive side.
And you create, therefore,
a gravity gradient
through the capacitor
that propels it
in the direction of
the gravity well.
>> We seem to be so fixed on
action and reaction drives,
Newtonian physics,
and linear distances.
So we're probably more
on the warp drive level
where we want to go.
But even the warp drive,
it won't help that much.
A good example is Voyager.
You have the Captain Janeway.
And they got caught in a
wormhole and got spit out I
think it was over in the
Alpha quadrant of our galaxy.
And she's told her crew
9.3 warp, running 24/7,
it's going to take us
75 years to get home.
That's a little upsetting.
However-- and that's
in warp drive.
Once again, warp drive is not
that good for linear distance.
Einstein put a challenge
out on us one time.
He asked everybody, he said,
how can you go millions of times
faster than the speed
of light and not
break the speed of light?
How are you going to do that?
Figured out a way to do it.
I'll give you an example here.
What you have here
is Milky Way galaxy.
What you have over
here is Andromeda.
Now to get across this
page on a straight line
at speed of light, which is
186,756 miles per second,
it would take you 200
million years at that speed
to get across this page.
Well that's just not
going to be acceptable,
because life forms--
you know 80 years for
us, maybe a couple
hundred for others, but
not no 200 million years.
So you got to cut that down.
In my drive, I'm not
really moving that much
on a linear plane
as I am becoming
an artificial black hole.
And you pull the fabric
of time around yourself,
jump through it's
dimensional barriers,
shut it off, come on the other
side of it, and there you are.
And you get around
pretty good that way.
I'm pretty sure a lot
of the life forms,
they're using some kind of
form like that, of drive.
>> David Adair has not only
worked on advanced propulsion
systems, but has also witnessed
advanced technologies housed
at the highly classified
military base commonly referred
to as Area 51.
Could the technology
he observed have been
extraterrestrial in origin?
>> This giant thing
sitting up there?
No weld lines.
No seams.
No nuts.
No bolts.
No screws.
It looked like it just
grew into this machine.
Now how did you do that?
That wasn't us.
And this thing was exoskeleton.
It looked organic, but
it's an inorganic machine
that has all the characteristics
of organic organism.
You know how you pull
an engine out of a car,
set it on the ground?
There is the car over
there, here's the engine.
Same thing.
So this power plant, by
proportional size of it,
I could estimate the size
of the craft it came out of.
It came out of something the
size of an aircraft carrier.
This thing was powerful.
This thing had the power
of the sun on steroids.
Inside the magnetic fields, the
magnetic walls in this thing,
it looked like--
first how it's shaped.
Its skeleton was on the outside.
And I mean the skeleton.
They looked like
vertebrates, and shinbones,
and stuff like that.
You had two round spheres.
It looked like two
octopuses having sex.
All the tentacles was
the piping of the plasma
drives of the shields.
It's in a figure
eight formation.
And this thing
probably at idle, it'd
be 100 million degrees
centigrade at idle.
That 10,000 times
hotter than our sun.
It could be a heat transfer.
Like you have electromechanical
into electric into electric.
It could be sheer propulsion,
equal and opposite reaction.
If you put a plasma
being down the cord
line of this thing, the center
of it, and open up an orifice,
you would have a
spew of material
going out of there that
would be endless, eternity.
What I learned is, first
thing, you're not alone.
Very first thing, there is
somebody else out there.
And it's not that
I heard voices.
It's impressions, feelings.
These beings are old.
They're born between
the galaxies.
Where we thought it was just
dark matter, deep space,
nothing, they said, no, there's
entire solar systems out there.
Just recently Hubble
has found solar systems
between the galaxies.
We didn't know that.
>> While there is no consensus
among scientists about
the physics required for these
technologies or whether they
are of human or extraterrestrial
origin, astrophysicist Dr.
Eric Davis wrote the following.
>> I was a DOD deputized advisor
to the "Nimitz" and "Roosevelt"
investigator under a
subcontract to the DOD.
And I perfectly know the
provenance of these videos
plus all the associated ages
weapon systems and other radar
as well as all
the pilot reports.
These are the
facts and are true.
Those craft are off-world.
That is not my opinion but is
where the physics and the facts
lead.
>> So these things
are born out there.
And they're not
thousands of years old.
They're not millions.
They're like 12
billion years old.
They're some of the oldest
living things in the universe.
They're cognitive memory
can remember Big Bang.
That's back there, you all.
>> The concept of an advanced
conscious machine is not unique
to David Adair.
Dr. Jack Sarfatti
believes this may also
be characteristic of the
infamous Tic Tac UAP.
>> The machine itself
is a conscious entity.
So the hull, the
fuselage of Tic Tac
is a special kind of
metamaterial which also, it
turns out, is a
conscious computer.
It's a conscious
artificial intelligence,
artificial neural network.
The metamaterial is
kind of like the brain,
like neurons in the
brain, the metamaterial.
So the metamaterial,
it can generate
a strong gravitational field.
And it also generates
consciousness.
It's the conscious computer
that talked to me when I was
13 years old on the telephone.
[PHONE RINGING]
I was contacted by a Tic
Tac when I was a kid.
I didn't call it a Tic Tac.
Now I know it was a Tic Tac.
[DIGITAL VOICE]
>> It was a cold,
metallic voice.
Sounded like Stephen
Hawking's voice.
And it said it was a
computer aboard a spacecraft
from the future, and that I was
part of a group of young kids
that they were contacting.
And was I willing to
be part of the project?
And I said, yes, although I was
scared, but I'm compressing it.
But the point is
that they said that I
would begin to meet others in
20 years in the future, which
is when I met Hal Puthoff.
>> I'm Hall Puthoff.
I'm a physicist.
And basically we do
forefront research
on energy and propulsion
for spaceflight.
>> In the whole SRI,
all these CIA guys,
remote viewing 20
years later, 1973.
This story is pretty well known.
It sounds like science fiction.
It's the God's honest truth.
It really was a
conscious computer
onboard a spacecraft, a Tic Tac,
from the future that came back.
>> 20 years after Dr.
Sarfatti's childhood encounter,
he was invited to Stanford
Research Institute where from
1972 until 1991, classified
research projects were carried
out on various phenomena
characterized by the term
"parapsychology."
This attracted the
sponsorship of such groups
as NASA and the Central
Intelligence Agency.
>> I go to SRI.
I meet all these
spooks from CIA.
I met Hal Puthoff, Russell Targ,
Edgar Mitchell, the astronaut,
other spooks, OK?
And I talk about what
happened in 1953.
And then they say,
well, yeah, we
think UFOs are coming
from the future.
What we're witnessing
is our technology
that Jack Sarfatti, me,
and his team in California,
the UK, France, and Italy
are going to develop
in the next few years.
And then we're going to
shoot it back in time
to 2004 and other time periods.
We're seeing the success of
our experiments, our theories,
because I was told as a child
that this was going to happen.
>> While Dr. Sarfatti believes
that these craft are us from
the future, could it be that
what we're witnessing is
actually reverse engineered
extraterrestrial technology?
[VOICE OVER RADIO]
>> In the photos that you have
of this UFO, your Tic Tac,
I believe that's
reverse engineered.
The reason why,
it's clumsy looking.
It's not all that
real sophisticated.
You got this little blunt
thing moving through the air.
And it's linear
moving, obviously.
So it's confined on a linear
basis, point A to point B.
It's probably using some
kind of action reaction.
Or, that thing could very well
be using a magnetic field,
because you see no exhaust
or intakes or anything on it.
So it could be doing that.
But I've just kind of feeling
it's reverse engineered,
because it's just doesn't
have the slickness
of an alien intellect on it.
It's human.
And we've probably cheated.
We've copied some little alien's
paper and jumped to that.
And when you copy
something, you're
not the original inventor.
There's stuff that you
don't know about it,
but you're just mimicking it.
We're not as sophisticated
as people think we are.
There may be certain
fractions of humans
that have access to
technology that would
be 24th, 25th century level.
And that's annoying
to think about
that somebody has
access to that and we're
over here with chemical
rockets and told to celebrate.
[LAUGHS] God.
But I don't know.
I think we got a lot of
reverse engineered stuff.
I saw something one time
and there were two of them.
They were crafts.
They looked like
flying arrowheads.
And it's the way I saw them
that made it really cool.
Just one out of
a billion chance,
I'm leaning against
the back of a pool.
And the sun went down
behind the building.
Now you're not blinded
by the yellow ball,
but you see the
corona perfectly.
Well flying into the corona,
as it came into the corona,
it solid up.
As it's passing
through the corona,
it's completely visible.
Looks like a flying arrowhead.
Goes out and when it goes
out, starts disappearing.
When it's out of the
corona, completely gone.
One second later, here
comes another one right
underneath it.
There's two of them.
And did the same thing.
I'm going, my god, the sun's
corona decloaked these things.
And the direction they were
going from where I was setting,
they were heading
straight for Area 51.
So, yeah, we got
stuff like that.
But I don't think we're
far along as everybody
thinks we are.
I think we give way too much
credit to these covert groups
when they're made up of
people just like you and me.
Their IQ can't be 500.
They just got access to
stuff we haven't seen.
Could you imagine you
turn over a Nissan Altima
and give it to a caveman?
How far are they going to
get along with that thing?
Not too far.
We're the same way.
We've got these vehicles.
We probably don't even know
what 5% of them work on it.
We do it trial by error,
which could be real dangerous,
get you killed doing that.
>> Dr. Paul LaViolette
also questions the origins
of the Tic Tac technology.
>> One possibility is that the
Tic Tac technology was reverse
engineered from an
extraterrestrial craft.
But I think more probable,
we developed it on our own.
Because, basically, if you
know about Townsend Brown's
electrogravitics, you
know about Tesla's work
with non-reversing pulses.
Tesla was working
with negative pulses,
which are anti-gravitic.
And he was observing
forces pushing with these.
Somebody's going to click
and say, OK, if we use this,
we can use this in terms
of space propulsion.
So with a little
experimentation and money
thrown into the project, they
would have developed this.
>> I believe it's very possible
that this technology is
extraterrestrial.
And how do I know that?
Because nobody can
prove that it's not.
There's literally not
a single physicist--
the very fact that we can't
even describe the physics,
our physics isn't
even accurate enough
to properly encode
what's being observed
and explain it should tell us
how far behind we are whoever
is making that technology.
Because everybody is still
on combustion-based vehicles
and machines, I see
no reason to believe
that it's human technology.
Whoever owns that technology
will become god on Earth.
And I see no such person.
>> I have no reason to
think there aren't aliens,
but I think the only advanced
intelligences that are
interested in humans on this
planet are our future selves
who want to come back, who will
have to come back in order that
everything that they don't
disrupt the timeline.
It's a self-creation process.
In quantum mechanics,
in quantum physics,
you have to have the
future influencing
the present in addition to the
past influencing the present.
That's what nonlocal quantum
entanglement is all about--
the future influencing
the present.
The machine itself is
a conscious entity.
>> The discovery of special
relativity by Einstein in 1905
and of quantum mechanics in
the 20th century by Einstein,
Planck, Bohr, Schrodinger, and
Heisenberg led to the creation
of the atomic hydrogen bomb,
as well as computer chips,
the world wide web, and Silicon
Valley's multibillion dollar
corporations.
The lesson is that breakthroughs
in fundamental physics,
both theoretical
and experimental,
have always led to
profound paradigm shifts.
>> Well I believe that free
energy and advanced space
propulsion technologies,
anti-gravity,
and so on will have a very
positive impact on humanity.
It will be disruptive
to the old technologies,
but it could be phased in.
>> Man, if you get any of these
propulsion units, anti-gravity,
warp drive, fusion containment,
you get any of these things
online, then you
got Star Trek, man.
You got star ships.
And vast distances
would not be a problem.
The very essence of
where you're at in life
will change if these
kind of technologies
roll up and out onto the
platform that we can use them.
And it will affect your life.
And I don't care who you are.
If you're just a ditch digger,
it's going to affect your life.
>> Well what are
the implications?
What were the
implications for humanity
when they discovered fire?
What were the
implications for humanity
when they discovered writing?
What were the
implications for humanity
when they discovered gunpowder?
What were the implications
for humanity when
they discovered electricity?
OK?
What were the implications
when they discovered computers?
Well this is like that.
This is next step.
This is the big thing.
We're talking about
surviving death.
We understand how human souls
are generated in matter.
We understand that
now in principle.
We understand it.
And we understand
how these things fly.
We understand how to
manipulate space and time.
We are the conquerors of time.
We are the conquerors
of space and time.
What does that mean?
It means the stars are ours.
We are going to be men like God.
The point is that
civilization itself
was created from the future.
I call this the destiny matrix.
There is nothing bigger.
There's nothing
bigger than this.
>> If this is the
future creating itself,
then could that future also
include us reverse engineering
extraterrestrial technology
to fly in ways conventional
aircraft cannot?
Or might that future
creating itself
allow for human
ingenuity to create
these remarkable machines?
And if so, why is this
technology being suppressed?
Either way, the
Tic Tac technology
is a smoking gun that demands
more scientific scrutiny.
In our next episode,
we examine the pyramid
shape UAPs that appeared over
the Kremlin and Pentagon.
Might this be a
message for humanity?
[MUSIC PLAYING]